The story of Easy Company of the US Army 101st Airborne division and their mission in WWII Europe from Operation Overlord through V-J Day.
Emmy Award-winning, 11 episodes, 5 years in the making, the most expensive nature documentary series ever commissioned by the BBC, and the first to be filmed in high definition.
A high school chemistry teacher diagnosed with inoperable lung cancer turns to manufacturing and selling methamphetamine, with his former student, in order to secure his family's financial future.
While a civil war brews between several noble families in Westeros, the children of the former rulers of the land attempt to rise up to power. Meanwhile a forgotten race, bent on destruction, return after thousands of years in the North.
Baltimore drug scene, seen through the eyes of drug dealers and law enforcement.
A documentary series that explores how we discovered the laws of nature and found our coordinates in space and time.
Astronomer Carl Sagan leads us on an engaging guided tour of the various elements and cosmological theories of the universe.
An animated series that follows the exploits of a super scientist and his not so bright grandson.
A comprehensive survey of the American Civil War.
New Jersey mob boss, Tony Soprano, deals with personal and professional issues in his home and business life.
A modern update finds the famous sleuth and his doctor partner solving crime in 21st century London.
A series of documentaries about World War II.
David Attenborough's legendary BBC crew explains and shows wildlife all over planet earth in 10 episodes. The first is an overview the challenges facing life, the others are dedicated to hunting, the deep sea and various major evolutionary groups of creatures: plants, primates and other large sections of other vertebrates and invertebrates.
In a war-torn world of elemental magic, a young boy reawakens to undertake a dangerous mystic quest to fulfill his destiny as the Avatar, and bring peace to the world.
Former Daily Show Correspondent John Oliver brings his persona to this new weekly news satire program.
An anthology series in which police investigations unearth the personal and professional secrets of those involved, both within and outside the law.
Five hundred years in the future, a renegade crew aboard a small spacecraft tries to survive as they travel the unknown parts of the galaxy and evade warring factions as well as authority agents out to get them.
Ten television drama films, each one based on one of the Ten Commandments.
Like all life forms, humanity partially adapts to types of natural environment, yet also tends to change them. Each episode examines how life differs for men and nature in some type of environment, from Arctic to desert and jungle, from coasts to mountains.s
Ordinary people find themselves in extraordinarily astounding situations, which they each try to solve in a remarkable manner.
Two brothers search for a Philosopher's Stone after an attempt to revive their deceased mother goes awry and leaves them in damaged physical forms.
Mammoth series, five years in the making, taking a look at the rich tapestry of life in the world's oceans.
Various chronicles of deception, intrigue and murder in and around frozen Minnesota. Yet all of these tales mysteriously lead back one way or another to Fargo, North Dakota
The story of Saitama, a hero who is a hero just for fun &amp; can defeat his enemies with a single punch.
A story of trials and tribulations of four young entrepreneurs who quit their day jobs in order to pursue their start up venture.
Focuses on life and the environment in both the Arctic and Antarctic.
The show revolves around the lives of the members of an Uber Wealthy - High Society Gujarati family of Cuffe Parade - South Bombay, whose daughter-in-law is from a middle class Delhi background.
The Dark Knight battles crime in Gotham City with occasional help from Robin and Batgirl.
Jane Austen's classic novel about the prejudice that occurred between the 19th century classes and the pride which would keep lovers apart.
The futuristic misadventures and tragedies of an easygoing bounty hunter and his partners.
An intelligent high school student goes on a secret crusade to eliminate criminals from the world after discovering a notebook capable of killing anyone whose name is written into it.
Level-headed son Michael Bluth takes over family affairs after his father is imprisoned. But the rest of his spoiled, dysfunctional family are making his job unbearable.
A Congressman works with his equally conniving wife to exact revenge on the people who betrayed him.
A World War II German U-Boat crew have a terrifying patrol mission in the early days of the war.
The original surreal sketch comedy showcase for the Monty Python troupe.
Two brothers find themselves lost in a mysterious land and try to find their way home.
A chronicled look at the criminal exploits of Colombian drug lord Pablo Escobar.
An idiosyncratic FBI agent investigates the murder of a young woman in the even more idiosyncratic town of Twin Peaks.
Filmed over a 10-year period, Making a Murderer is an unprecedented real-life thriller about Steven Avery, a DNA exoneree who, while in the midst of exposing corruption in local law enforcement, finds himself the prime suspect in a grisly new crime. Set in America's heartland, the series takes viewers inside a high-stakes criminal case where reputation is everything and things are never as they appear.
The history of the Roman Empire as experienced by one of its rulers.
The continuing misadventures of neurotic New York stand-up comedian Jerry Seinfeld and his equally neurotic New York friends.
Follows the lives of six 20-something friends living in Manhattan.
A high school mathlete starts hanging out with a group of burnouts while her younger brother navigates his freshman year.
Classic comedy following the misadventures of two Wheeler Dealer brothers Del Boy and Rodney Trotter who scrape their living by selling dodgy goods believing that next year they will be millionaires.
A down-to-earth account of the lives of both illustrious and ordinary Romans set in the last days of the Roman Republic.
Stuck in the middle of World War I, Captain Edmund Blackadder does his best to escape the banality of the war.
The satiric adventures of a working-class family in the misfit city of Springfield.
Hotel owner Basil Fawlty's incompetence, short fuse, and arrogance form a combination that ensures accidents and trouble are never far away.
A continuation of "Code Geass: Lelouch of the Rebellion". One year after the events of the season 1 finale, Lelouch returns to Ashford Academy, having no memory of his time as Zero, his Geass power, or his sister Nunnally. The Black Knights were defeated in the Battle of Tokyo, and all but a few of them have been captured or killed. The remaining Black Knights, along with C.C., find Lelouch and help him regain his memory. Afterwards, Lelouch resumes the role of Zero while attempting to hide the fact that his memories have returned.
A series chronicling the daily activities of an unusual prison facility and its criminal inhabitants.
Gon Freecs a young boy aspires to become a Hunter, an exceptionnal being capable of greatness. With his friends and his potential, he seeks for his father who left him when he was younger.
The hosts talk about everything car-related. From new cars to how they're fueled, this show has it all.
Dramatized portrayal of the Apollo manned space program.
Nathan Fielder uses his business degree and life experiences to help real small businesses turn a profit. But because of his unorthodox approach, Nathan's genuine efforts to do good often draw real people into an experience far beyond what they signed up for.
After learning that he is from another planet, a warrior named Goku and his friends are prompted to defend it from an onslaught of extraterrestrial enemies.
This documentary series follows actors Ewan McGregor and Charley Boorman on a motorcycle trip around the world. The two friends will travel through such places as Siberia, Kazakhstan, Mongolia, and Alaska, before finally ending the journey in New York. The filming will be done by on board cameras and one ride along cameraman.
Follows the misadventures of four irreverent grade-schoolers in the quiet, dysfunctional town of South Park, Colorado.
At ISIS, no one ever shuts up. Covert black ops and espionage take a back seat to zany personalities and relationships between the secret agents and drones.
Matt Murdock, with his other senses superhumanly enhanced, fights crime as a blind Lawyer by day, and vigilante by night.
A pair of twin siblings spending the summer at their Great Uncle's tourist trap must unlock the secrets surrounding the enigmatic town of Gravity Falls, Oregon.
North and South is a four part adaptation of Elizabeth Gaskell's love story of Margaret Hale, a middle class southerner who is forced to move to the northern town of Milton.
A television anthology series that shows the dark side of life and technology.
An antisocial maverick doctor who specializes in diagnostic medicine does whatever it takes to solve puzzling cases that come his way using his crack team of doctors and his wits.
After his hometown is destroyed and his mother is killed, young Eren Jaegar vows to cleanse the earth of the giant humanoid Titans that have brought humanity to the brink of extinction.
The trials and tribulations of criminal lawyer, Jimmy McGill, in the time leading up to establishing his strip-mall law office in Albuquerque, New Mexico.
The adventures of Earth's martial arts defender Son Goku continue with a new family and the revelation of his alien origin. Now Goku and his allies must defend the planet from an onslaught of new extraterrestrial enemies.
A drama series that takes a darkly comical look at members of a dysfunctional California family that runs an independent funeral home.
America's top fake news show.
Four young friends with big egos and slightly arrogant attitudes are the proprietors of an Irish bar in Philadelphia.
Comedian Dave Chappelle hosts this sketch-comedy show that parodies many of the nuances of race and culture.
A show set in the late 1800s, revolving around the characters of Deadwood, South Dakota; a town of deep corruption and crime.
Dexter Morgan is a Forensics Expert, a loyal brother, boyfriend, and friend. That's what he seems to be, but that's not what he really is. Dexter Morgan is a Serial Killer that hunts the bad.
After discovering time travel, a university student and his colleagues must use their knowledge of it to stop an evil organization and their diabolical plans.
Sherlock Holmes and Dr Watson solve the mysteries of copper beeches, a Greek interpreter, the Norwood builder, a resident patient, the red-headed league, and one final problem.
A mockumentary on a group of typical office workers, where the workday consists of ego clashes, inappropriate behavior, and tedium. Based on the hit BBC series.
Epic story about two former Texas rangers who decide to move cattle from the south to Montana. Augustus McCrae and Woodrow Call run into many problems on the way, and the journey doesn't end without numerous casualties.
Follows a young computer programmer who suffers from social anxiety disorder and forms connections through hacking. He's recruited by a mysterious anarchist, who calls himself Mr. Robot.
Inside the lives of staffers in the west wing of the White House.
When an old enemy, the Cylons, resurface and obliterate the 12 colonies, the crew of the aged Galactica protect a small civilian fleet - the last of humanity - as they journey toward the fabled 13th colony, Earth.
Set in the corridors of power and spin, the Minister for Social Affairs, is continually harassed by Number 10's policy enforcer and dependent on his not-so-reliable team of civil servants.
Two FBI agents, Fox Mulder the believer and Dana Scully the skeptic, investigate the strange and unexplained while hidden forces work to impede their efforts.
In the Tudor court of Elizabeth I, Lord Edmund Blackadder strives to win Her Majesty's favour while attempting to avoid a grisly fate should he offend her.
In the future, the Saint Britannian Empire invades Japan and call their inhabitants the "eleven." A child living in the Empire witnesses the death of his mother and the crippling of his little sister. Later he gets caught in an eleven rebel chase and has the opportunity given by a mysterious girl to take his revenge against the Empire by using an obedience power.
A gangster family epic set in 1919 Birmingham, England and centered on a gang who sew razor blades in the peaks of their caps, and their fierce boss Tommy Shelby, who means to move up in the world.
A comedy panel game in which being Quite Interesting is more important than being right. Stephen Fry is joined each week by four comedians to share anecdotes and trivia, and maybe answer some questions as well.
The story of an inner-city Los Angeles police precinct where some of the cops aren't above breaking the rules or working against their associates to both keep the streets safe and their self-interests intact.
Follows the adventures of Monkey D. Luffy and his friends in order to find the greatest treasure ever left by the legendary Pirate, Gol D Roger. The famous mystery treasure named "One Piece".
The further adventures of the time traveling alien adventurer and his companions.
Hosted by Morgan Freeman, Through the Wormhole will explore the deepest mysteries of existence - the questions that have puzzled mankind for eternity. What are we made of? What was there before the beginning? Are we really alone? Is there a creator? These questions have been pondered by the most exquisite minds of the human race. Now, science has evolved to the point where hard facts and evidence may be able to provide us with answers instead of philosophical theories. Through the Wormhole will bring together the brightest minds and best ideas from the very edges of science - Astrophysics, Astrobiology, Quantum Mechanics, String Theory, and more - to reveal the extraordinary truth of our Universe.
The life and times of Larry David and the predicaments he gets himself in with his friends and complete strangers.
In the Regency era, Mr E. Blackadder serves as butler to the foppish numskull Prince George amidst the fads and crazes of the time.
In the not-too-distant future, a man and his robots are trapped aboard the Satellite of Love, where mad scientists force them to sit through the worst movies ever made.
Friends Tim and Daisy, 20-something North Londoners with uncertain futures, must pretend to be a couple to live in the only apartment they can afford.
Controversal spoof of current-affairs TV and the role of celebrity in the UK.
Ash has spent the last 30 years avoiding responsibility, maturity and the terrors of the Evil Dead until a Deadite plague threatens to destroy all of mankind and Ash becomes mankind's only hope.
Guts is a skilled swordsman who joins forces with a mercenary group named 'The Band of the Hawk', lead by the charismatic Griffith, and fights with them as they battle their way into the royal court.
A chronicle of the lives of the British aristocratic Crawley family and their servants in the early 20th Century.
The Elric brothers' deciding to perform a forbidden human transmutation to bring their dead mother back, they end up losing their bodies. Now Edward must find the chemical privileges to restore their body back.
An alcoholic man lives in a perpetual stupor while his six children with whom he lives cope as best they can.
Q, Sal, Joe and Murr are real-life best friends who love challenging each other to the most outrageous dares and stunts ever caught on hidden camera.
A Rolling Stone reporter, embedded with The 1st Recon Marines chronicles his experiences during the first wave of the American-led assault on Baghdad in 2003.
A re-imagining of the original series in which a "rag-tag fugitive fleet" of the last remnants of mankind flees pursuing robots while simultaneously searching for their true home, Earth.
A human boy named Finn and adoptive brother and best friend Jake the Dog, protect the citizens of the Land of Ooo from foes of various shapes and sizes.
The life of Louis CK, a divorced comedian with two kids living in New York.
Francis Urquhart, Chief Whip, manipulates things and people to achieve his ambitions in the Houses of Parliament, all the while keeping his hand carefully hidden behind the scenes. But Mattie Storin, a young reporter, may be getting too close to him.
Set decades after Captain Kirk's five-year mission, a new generation of Starfleet officers set off in a new Enterprise on their own mission to go where no one has gone before.
The life of one of the USA's Founding Fathers, its second President, and his role in the nation's first 50 years.
The Right Honorable James Hacker has landed the plum job of Cabinet Minister to the Department of Administration. At last he is in a position of power and can carry out some long-needed reforms - or so he thinks.
An aspiring supervillain must balance his career and his pursuit of a beautiful do-gooder.
A drama about one of New York's most prestigious ad agencies at the beginning of the 1960s, focusing on one of the firm's most mysterious but extremely talented ad executives, Donald Draper.
Fuu, a waitress who works in a teahouse, rescues two master swordsmen, Mugen and Jin, from their execution to help her find the "samurai who smells of sunflowers."
Bret and Jemaine are Flight of the Conchords, a folk-rock band from New Zealand living in New York City in search of stardom.
A foul-mouthed nerd reviews bad video games.
Satirical newscaster Stephen Colbert provides humorous commentary on the big issues going on in the United States and the rest of the world, with his larger-than-life ego and overly-patriotic spirit along with him every step of the way.
Crazy sitcom about 3 priests and their housekeeper who live on Craggy Island, not the peaceful and quiet part of Ireland it seems!
Follows the adventures of an extraordinarily strong young boy named Goku as he searches for the seven dragon balls. These balls, when combined, can grant the owner any one wish he desires. Along the way he makes many new friends, and enemies, and he trains to become the strongest fighter in the world.
The absurd antics of an Indiana town's public officials as they pursue sundry projects to make their city a better place.
The trials and tribulations of small town Texas football players, their friends, family, and coaching staff.
Old-school U.S. Marshal Raylan Givens is reassigned from Miami to his childhood home in the poor, rural coal-mining towns in Eastern Kentucky.
Bugs Bunny, the famous, Oscar-winning cartoon rabbit, hosts his first weekly television series, along with all his fellow Warner Brothers cartoon stars, including Daffy Duck, Porky Pig, Elmer Fudd, Yosemite Sam, the Tasmanian Devil, Tweety Bird, Sylvester Cat, the Road Runner, Wile E. Coyote, Pepe Le Pew, Foghorn Leghorn, and Speedy Gonzales. Each episode features three theatrical cartoons introduced by Bugs and/or the other characters, and often with a unifying idea, or theme. Many episodes feature Bugs as a lecturer on such subjects as cats, dogs, birds, and humans, and offering classic Warner Brothers cartoon footage to comically illustrate his points.
Before Spartacus struck down his first opponent in the arena, there were many gladiators who passed through the gates onto the sand.'Spartacus: Gods of the Arena' tells the story of the original Champion of the House of Batiatus: Gannicus in a more ruthless time before Spartacus' arrival where honor was just finding its way into the arena.
A brilliant neurosurgeon living in Germany finds his life in utter turmoil after getting involved with a psychopath that was once a former patient.
Series of unrelated short stories covering elements of crime, horror, drama and comedy about people of different species committing murders, suicides, thefts and other sorts of crime caused by certain motivations; perceived or not.
The story of an office that faces closure when the company decides to downsize its branches. A documentary film crew follow staff and the manager Brent as they continue their daily lives.
An Atlantic City politician plays both sides of the law, conspiring with gangsters during the Prohibition era.
Teenage superheroes strive to prove themselves as members of the Justice League.
A police homicide investigation unit investigates violent crimes in the city of Baltimore.
Seven of the most formidable heroes form arguably the most powerful team ever.
After resigning, a secret agent is abducted and taken to what looks like an idyllic village, but is really a bizarre prison. His warders demand information. He gives them nothing, but only tries to escape.
A teenage boy finds himself recruited as a member of an elite team of pilots by his father.
Improvisational comedy game show in which four players act out various comic games and sketches.
Six best friends talk about all aspects of sex and relationships on their never-ending quest to find true love.
The two brothers have a plumbing company and they are trying to invent something that would make the world a better place.
On the run from a drug deal gone bad, Mike Ross, a brilliant college-dropout, finds himself a job working with Harvey Specter, one of New York City's best lawyers.
Mark and Jez are a couple of twenty-something roommates who have nothing in common - except for the fact that their lives are anything but normal. Mayhem ensues as the pair strive to cope with day-to-day life.
The adventures of a young wandering swordsman who stumbles upon a struggling martial arts school in Meiji era Japan.
An anthology series centered around some of history's most famous criminals.
A newsroom undergoes some changes in its workings and morals as a new team is brought in, bringing unexpected results for its existing news anchor.
Avatar Korra fights to keep Republic City safe from the evil forces of both the physical and spiritual worlds.
When a body is found on the bridge between Denmark and Sweden, right on the border, Danish inspector Martin Rohde and Swedish Saga Nor&eacute;n have to share jurisdiction and work together to find the killer.
The bizarre animated escapades of pseudo-heroic scientist Dr. Rusty Venture, his competent, high strung bodyguard, and his two over-enthusiastic sons.
The further and darker adventures of Batman with a new Robin, a closer association with Batgirl and the previous Robin now as Nightwing.
From England to Egypt, accompanied by his elegant and trustworthy sidekicks, the intelligent yet eccentrically-refined Belgian detective Hercule Poirot pits his wits against a collection of first class deceptions.
Bernard Black runs his own bookshop even though he doesn't much like people who buy books and hates having customers. Next door to Bernard's shop is the Nifty Gifty gift shop run by Fran, probably Bernard's only friend in the world. When Bernard's accountant goes on the run Bernard employs stress victim, Manny to help in his shop. This leads to a series of surreal adventures around the shop.
The world of the Vikings is brought to life through the journey of Ragnar Lothbrok, the first Viking to emerge from Norse legend and onto the pages of history - a man on the edge of myth.
The comedic adventures of a rag-tag group of technical support workers at a large corporation.
Beginning before the Nativity and extending through the Crucifixion and Ressurection, JESUS OF NAZARETH brings to life all the sweeping drama in the life of Jesus, as told by the Gospels.
Alan Partridge a failed television presenter whose previous exploits had featured in the chat-show parody Knowing Me, Knowing You with Alan Partridge, and who is now presenting a programed on local radio in Norwich.
Fry, a pizza guy, is accidentally frozen in 1999 and thawed out New Year's Eve 2999.
Life is a difficult challenge for Mr Bean, who despite being a grown adult, has trouble completing even the simplest of tasks. Thankfully, his perseverance is usually rewarded, and he finds an ingenious way around the problem.
Explores the early relationship between the renowned psychiatrist and his patient, a young FBI criminal profiler, who is haunted by his ability to empathize with serial killers.
Watch the story of history's greatest gladiator unfold with graphic violence and the passions of the women that love them. This is Spartacus.
Ciro disregards tradition in his attempt to become the next mafia mob boss. The internal power struggle puts him and his entire family's life at risk.
The futuristic adventures of a female cyborg counter intelligence agent and her support team.
A man in his early 30s struggles to find a balance in his life between being a new dad and his involvement in a motorcycle club.
This parody series is an unearthed 80s horror/drama, complete with poor production values, awful dialogue and hilarious violence. The series is set in a Hospital in Romford, which is situated over the gates of Hell.
They are neither plants nor animals. They differ from other forms of life such as the micro-organisms and the fungi. Instead they resemble the primeval body of life and are generally known as "Mushi". Their existence and appearance are unknown to many and only a limited number of humans are aware of them. Ginko is a "Mushi-shi" who travels around to investigate and find out more about the "Mushi". In the process, he also lends a helping hand to people who face problems with supernatural occurrences which may be related to the "Mushi".
Three different, but related families face trials and tribulations in their own uniquely comedic ways.
A look at the professional and personal lives of the staff at New York's Knickerbocker Hospital during the early part of the twentieth century.
During the Great Depression, an Oklahoma farm boy and a charismatic minister learn that they are key players in a proxy war being fought between Heaven and Hell.
A suspended lawyer is forced to enroll in a community college with an eclectic staff and student body.
Sight-gags and non-sequiturs dominate this spoof of police dramas. The six episodes formed the basis for later very successful "Naked Gun" movies.
A thriller set in London, in which a politician's life becomes increasingly complex as his research assistant is found dead on the London Underground and, in a seemingly unrelated incident, a teenage pickpocket is shot dead.
A couple, who were in a long distance relationship for 3 years, face the prospect of getting married.
A team of mutant superheroes fight for justice and human acceptance in the Marvel Comics universe.
They arrived in silence and darkness, descending from the skies with a hunger for human flesh. Parasytes - alien creatures who must invade and take control of a human host to survive - have come to earth. No one knows the secret except high school student, Shinichi Izumi, who's right hand has been invaded by a Parasyte. Shinichi and Migi, the Parasyte, begrudgingly form a friendship in the middle of a silent war between humanity and the Parasytes.
Turkish television comedy series set in Istanbul, Leyla and Mecnun is a surreal and absurd comedy that revolves around the fictional love story between Leyla and Mecnun.
Sheriff Deputy Rick Grimes leads a group of survivors in a world overrun by the walking dead. Fighting the dead, fearing the living.
Film star Vince Chase navigates the vapid terrain of Los Angeles with a close circle of friends and his trusty agent.
Ahmet, Murat and Sadi are actors who dream of shooting a movie and present a documentary called 'Meslek Hikayeleri' in order to make money.
Bertram Wooster, a well-intentioned, wealthy layabout, has a habit of getting himself into trouble and it's up to his brilliant valet, Jeeves, to get him out.
Naruto Uzumaki, is a loud, hyperactive, adolescent ninja who constantly searches for approval and recognition, as well as to become Hokage, who is acknowledged as the leader and strongest of all ninja in the village.
Brigada is a group of four friends, who grew up together and formed a most powerful gang in Moscow. Initially they made business together, but an unplanned murder transformed them into a gang. Now their lives are at risk and there is no way back.
This is a sketch-comedy show. The twist here is that all of the sketches (Even the monologue) are connected in some strange way.
Follows the relationship of Marianne and Johan as they separate, engage in extramarital affairs, bond, re-bond and eventually divorce. Their relationship continues after the divorce, it seems this is a couple that can't stay away from each other, though they argue most of the time.
Centered around a personally troubled, officially discredited police chief and his inharmonious police team in Ankara Police Force. Even though the show usually focuses on murders and other crimes that happens on a weekly basis, the undertone of the story leads to an eventual duel between Behzat Ç. and the rotten department officials and bureaucrats.
Set in the 1960s, the show follows Endeavour Morse in his early years as a police constable. Working alongside his senior partner DI Fred Thursday, Morse engages in a number of investigations around Oxford.
Bea Smith is locked up while awaiting trial for the attempted murder of her husband and must learn how life works in prison.
High school teacher Jake Epping travels back in time to prevent the assassination of President John F. Kennedy - but his mission is threatened by Lee Harvey Oswald, falling in love, and the past itself, which doesn't want to be changed and shouldn't be changed.
After a group of people, who meet online, discover a bizarre graphic novel which seems to hold mysterious answers, they find themselves being tracked down by a merciless organization known merely as 'The Network'.
A dramatization of author Alex Haley's family line from ancestor Kunta Kinte's enslavement to his descendants' liberation.
In the high-tech gold rush of modern Silicon Valley, the people most qualified to succeed are the least capable of handling success. A comedy partially inspired by Mike Judge's own experiences as a Silicon Valley engineer in the late 1980s.
Quentin, Tiff, Vicki and others look at all things car-related.
Time and Space traveling adventures of a Gallifreyan Time Lord only known as the Doctor and his companions, traveling through time and space.
The life of a public school epitomized by disobedient student Jonah Takalua, self-absorbed private school exchange student Ja'mie King, and megalomaniac drama teacher Mr. G.
Five friends go out to war and promise each other to be back for Christmas.
A suspenseful tale about the injustices of the 19th-century English legal system
Jack Bauer comes out of hiding in London to head off a massive terrorist attack while being hunted down by American forces dispatched by President James Heller.
Set in 1996 in Lincolnshire, the show tells the tragic and humorous story of a very troubled young girl Rae, who has just left a psychiatric hospital, where she has spent four months after attempting suicide, and begins to reconnect with her best friend Chloe and her group, who are unaware of Rae's mental health and body image problems, believing she was in France for the past four months.
One day, 14-year-old Yusuke Urameshi suddenly finds himself dead, having died pushing a child out of the way of oncoming traffic. Since he has such a bad personality, even the Spirit World was caught by surprise that he would sacrifice himself. Yusuke soon finds out he wasn't supposed to die and has a chance for resurrection and bringing his body back to life. After being resurrected, Yusuke becomes a Spirit Detective, along with his comrades, and one adventure after another happens, whether it be an investigation or a fighting tournament.
Three petty felons have a documentary made about their life in a trailer park.
The adventures of the last human alive and his friends, stranded three million years into deep space on the mining ship Red Dwarf.
The Kingdom is the most technologically advanced hospital in Denmark, a gleaming bastion of medical science. A rash of uncanny occurrences, however, begins to weaken the staff's faith in science--a phantom ambulance pulls in every night, but disappears; voices echo in the elevator shaft; and a pregnant doctor's fetus seems to be developing much faster than is natural. At the goading of a spiritualist patient, some employees work to let supernatural forces rest.
The vampire Alucard and his newly sired ward Seras tries to protect England from a war-crazed SS-Major who seeks to start an eternal war with his vampire army.
Catherine Cawood is the sergeant on duty when flustered and nervous accountant Kevin Weatherill comes into her West Yorkshire station to report a crime.
Ex-cop and recovering alcoholic Hank Dolworth partners with his best friend, former criminal Britt Pollack, in an unlicensed private investigation business.
Two brothers follow their father's footsteps as "hunters" fighting evil supernatural beings of many kinds including monsters, demons, and gods that roam the earth.
A political drama about a prime minister's rise to power, and how power changes a prime minister.
An interweaving narrative chronicling the antics of such diverse characters as: a transsexual taxi driver, a family obsessed with hygiene and toads, a fiery reverend, a carnival owner who kidnaps women into marriage, and a xenophobic couple who run a local shop for local people.
A daffy woman constantly strives to become a star along with her bandleader husband and gets herself in the strangest situations.
Follows four friends and their antics during their final years of school.
The lives of Police Officers working for the Los Angeles Police Department.
Andy Millman is an actor with ambition and a script. Reduced to working as an extra with a useless agent, Andy's attempts to boost his career invariably end in failure and embarrassment.
A samurai sent through time fights to return home and save the world.
Broad City follows two women throughout their daily lives in New York City, making the smallest and mundane events hysterical and disturbing to watch all at the same time.
A crazy fantasy caper involving alchemists, immortals, gangsters, outlaws and an elixir of immortality, spread over several decades.
The staff of an army hospital in the Korean war find that laughter is the best way to deal with their situation.
Boston Legal is a spin-off of the long-running Kelley series The Practice, following the exploits of former Practice character Alan Shore (James Spader) at the legal firm of Crane, Poole and Schmidt.
The survivors of a plane crash are forced to work together in order to survive on a seemingly deserted tropical island.
An FBI agent is forced to work with an institutionalized scientist and his son in order to rationalize a brewing storm of unexplained phenomena.
Due to a political conspiracy, an innocent man is sent to death row and his only hope is his brother, who makes it his mission to deliberately get himself sent to the same prison in order to break the both of them out, from the inside out.
A young governess falls in love with her brooding and complex master. However, his dark past may destroy their relationship forever.
In the unreal world of Sacred Heart Hospital, intern John "J.D" Dorian learns the ways of medicine, friendship and life.
The misadventures of a TV writer both at work and at home.
A bipolar CIA operative becomes convinced a prisoner of war has been turned by al-Qaeda and is planning to carry out a terrorist attack on American soil.
Comedy sketches written and performed by renowned duo Stephen Fry and Hugh Laurie.
Jack Bauer, Director of Field Ops for the Counter-Terrorist Unit of Los Angeles, races against the clock to subvert terrorist plots and save his nation from ultimate disaster.
A pie-maker, with the power to bring dead people back to life, solves murder mysteries with his alive-again childhood sweetheart, a cynical private investigator, and a lovesick waitress.
After the Halo event of 2552, there is a brief but violent period of civil war among the humans. Two armies on opposite sides of a canyon, the Reds and Blues, fight in the most worthless piece of real estate in the galaxy.
Vash the Stampede is the most infamous outlaw on the planet Gunsmoke and with a 60 billion double dollar price on his head the most sought after!
A secret military team, SG-1, is formed to explore the recently discovered Stargates.
Captain James T. Kirk and the crew of the Starship Enterprise explore the galaxy and defend the United Federation of Planets.
A middle-school math teacher Olive and her marriage with Henry which spans 25 years.
A bounty hunter rides the Old West, fighting bad guys, many with futuristic-type gadgets.
An orphan girl, sent to an elderly brother and sister by mistake, charms her new home and community with her fiery spirit and imagination.
In the 1840s, Cranford is ruled by the ladies. They adore good gossip; and romance and change is in the air, as the unwelcome grasp of the Industrial Revolution rapidly approaches their beloved rural market-town.
A working class bigot constantly squabbles with his family over the important issues of the day.
The murder of a young boy in a small coastal town brings a media frenzy, which threatens to tear the community apart.
Two friends, Simon and Kamina, become the symbols of rebellion against the powerful Spiral King, who forced mankind into subterranean villages.
In February of 2009, Toei Animation announced that as an honor to 20 years of Dragon Ball Z, they will begin the production of a renewed DragonBall Z, named Dragon Ball Kai. This new anime chronicles the plot of DBZ and consists of parts from the original anime which are edited to a better quality and with new voices. Toei Animation also confirmed that the plot of DBK will be closer to manga style.
The TV series of the Canadian sketch comedy troupe that, more often than not, puts bizarre, unique, and insane twists in their skits.
A short alien bent on conquering Earth poses as a human, and only one paranoid child knows his secret. Warning: Piggies may be involved in resulting insanity.
Christmas 1988. Soulmates, woody and Lol find themselves in exile from each other and the gang. Trying to understand the definition 'growing up', Shaun begins a course at College, that quickly takes the wrong turn.
As WW2 rages around the world, DCS Foyle fights his own war on the home-front as he investigates crimes on the south coast of England. Later series sees the retired detective working as an MI5 agent operating in the aftermath of the war.
A night manager of an Egyptian hotel is recruited by intelligence agents to infiltrate an international arms dealer's network.
A 15-year-old girl and her trials and tribulations of being a teenager and dealing with friends, guys, parents and school.
U.S. Attorney Chuck Rhoades goes after hedge fund king, Bobby "Axe" Axelrod in a battle between two powerful New York figures.
Three incoming freshmen attending Midwestern college football powerhouse Blue Mountain State must quickly adapt to college life and juggle football, girls, classes and nonstop hazing.
Lucas Hood (Antony Starr), an ex-con and master thief assumes the identity of a murdered sheriff where he continues his criminal activities. His past seems to haunt him by those he betrayed years earlier. This ex-con imposes his own brand of justice where violence erupts at every turn in the not so quiet Amish town, Banshee, Pennsylvania.
After being involved in a car accident in 2006, DCI Sam Tyler wakes up to find himself in 1973, the era of 'Sweeney' type policing, Mark III Cortinas, and flared trousers.
A psychologist gets inside of the minds of both killers and victims to aid the police in solving gruesome serial killings in Northern England.
A weekly documentary in which two Hollywood special effects experts attempt to debunk urban legends by directly testing them.
After 74 villains break out of prison, Marvel's most powerful superheroes team up to capture all of them, and also to defend the Earth from widespread threats.
An ex-assassin and a wealthy programmer save lives via a surveillance AI that sends them the identities of civilians involved in impending crimes. However, the details of the crimes--including the civilians' roles--are left a mystery.
A streetwise hustler is pulled into a compelling conspiracy after witnessing the suicide of a girl who looks just like her.
Follows the story of Claire Randall, a married combat nurse from 1945 who is mysteriously swept back in time to 1743, where she is immediately thrown into an unknown world where her life is threatened. When she is forced to marry Jamie Fraser, a chivalrous and romantic young Scottish warrior, a passionate relationship is ignited that tears Claire's heart between two vastly different men in two irreconcilable lives.
Descrição não disponível.
Descrição não disponível.
Descrição não disponível.
Descrição não disponível.
